hey wassup guys r I'm Rick fast
electronic allowed today we're taking a
look at the call of duty ascendance
brand new map pack to that just came out
a nice review for you start off here
with a new part 2 EXO zombies infection
as the co-op experience infection
introduces expanded map terrifying new
enemies so after being overrun of the
Atlas research facility outbreak our
heroes awaken to find that the infection
is spread and mutated the surrounding
town where they can get any answers left
to fight their way out so well exit part
2 infection introduces expanded co-op
map including Burger town franchise and
all new enemies like the giant Goliath
EXO zombies acid rivers and more pretty
crazy we have the new weapon as well oh
hm directed energy in the OHA werewolf
custom variant there's a bonus ohne
energy to and one like LNG and shotgun
inning take on the new XO grapple
playlist with that gun as well the OEM
directed-energy two and one and the two
and one werewolf we're worth variant
adjust the weapon on the fly to fit your
strategy singing use like shotgun so one
of the new maps here Chop Shop we can
take a look here at the XO grapple the
unique grappling ability from the
campaign mode now available use and all
of the ascendance DLC maps through the
XO grapple playlist so we're taking a
look at XO grapple right here with chop
shop which is one of the brand new maps
so ability for a fast way to reach
strategic vantage points or is a brutal
secondary weapon to take down the
competition you can get a kill with that
the Chop Shop map think fast you make
your way through the black market
exoskeleton industrial complex and
engage in fast-paced shootouts in a
medium sized symmetrical map you can
activate the map based scorestreak to
take control of an advanced repulsion
turret there radiates a deadly microwave
EMP to help lock down areas so
definitely a very sweet map and you can
see what that XO grapple very sweet the
next map we're going to take a look at
here is perplex get vertical yes in
Sydney Australia's you fight to dominate
this kind of five-story modular
apartment complex type take the high
ground blaster the close quarters
interior in the small to medium sized
map adapt your strategy midwatch when
construction drones shift apartment
modules creating new routes and
physicians definitely kind of one of the
harder maps in my opinion with the five
stories multiple levels definitely going
to add a whole new twist to your game so
you know you can take the interior or
you can kind of work the exterior of the
building but it is five stories strong
and kind of see the Opera House there in
the background located in the lovely the
beautiful Sydney Australia another brand
new map is site 244 probably my favorite
map alien spacecraft crash-landed
spilling its materia scar go under the
shadow of Mount Rushmore USA it's a
medium to large three lane map allows
for any style of gameplay focusing
combat through the spaceships fuselage
and around the debris littered landscape
you can use the matte base course Creek
to crack open an alien Spore which
pretty cool and insulin has your perks
and exoskeleton abilities so little
gameplay hear what I said ps4 send its
brand new map packs came out dlc map
pack 2 wanted to give you guys a full
review of that check out all the maps
what's new what's available so you guys
can decide if it's a DLC that's right
for you like said site 244 map kind of
the crash landing here of an alien
spacecraft definitely my favorite of the
new maps that are available for call of
duty advanced warfare with the new
ascendance dlc taking a look at the last
map here is climate fight your way
through a futuristic kind of man-made
utopia in this lush climate-controlled
bio dome it's a small to medium sized
circular map land and water routes
channel frantic combat around the
central island structure and watch your
step on the river water changes from an
asset into a deadly bubbling obstacle so
the water will actually change kind of
all part of that same concept with
dynamic maps that were kind of used to
seeing from call of duty but all the
brand new maps are available so with the
four new multiplayer maps you've got
that bonus oh hm which is a
directed-energy LNG shotgun weapon and
then part 2 zombies infection which is a
new co-op experiencing cliff to four
players on that highly recommend the
brand new dlc map pack to a sentence
footage here was seen from playstation 4
full 1080p
60 frames but I'm Ryan rig fast like
chronic and loud this has been a review
for call of duty advanced warfare the
newest in its DLC if you enjoy the video
please click thumbs up button subscribe
the channel 3 or not thanks for watching